Yes
The Dragon King personally summoned
My mother is saved
Be sure to arrive at the raw dragon banquet within three minutes
In three minutes.
Fan Ruoli would kneel in front of me
Lord Fan is the first female Valkyrie of Great Xia
He can call him over
It seems that this kid is really the Dragon King.
Boy, my Lord Fan is the king
Dear, the first female god of war of Great Xia
It's hard for me to even want to see him
You dare to order Lord Fan to see you with a single phone call
I see you have lived enough
The first Valkyrie of Great Xia can only flatter me
I'm not just on call
He has to marry me in vain
Impudence is known to all
Lord Fan made an oath
Only those who lift his veil
To be his man
You are a wizard
How dare you say that Lord Fan wants to marry you?
Xiao Yan, you are really shameless.
Even I don't like you, you monster
What kind of person is Mr. Fan?
You don't even deserve to carry his shoes
Guys, if he's really low
How could I have buried it just now?
I see this kid wants to die before
Pull everyone on their backs
And impersonating the Dragon King at the Dragon Feast just now
If the Dragon King is angry
You're going to get implicated.
Only kill him
In order to have an explanation in front of the Dragon King
Kill him kill him kill him kill him kill him
brother
How dare you impersonate the Dragon King?
He also insulted the reputation of my Lord Fan
I let you die without a burial
10 seconds left
Fan Ruoxi will kneel in front of me
The damn person is you
I don't know how many times this fish can save me
If Fan Ruoxi doesn't come again, I'll be really stupid
Dare to be stubborn
I'd like to see if Lord Fan will come to save you
The dog slave still doesn't retreat